ActivityKit

https://xujiwei.com/blog/2022/10/update-dynamic-island-and-live-activity-with-push-notification/
notes: Live Activity 实时活动(LA)。
1.数据通信的大小限制，不论是本地数据还是APNs是数据，给到LA的数据都不能超过4KB
2.LA无法访问网络、接收定位信息.如果要更新数据，需要通过app的ActivityKit.framework 或者 接收远程推送APNs
3.启动灵动岛Live Activity可能会失败，因为设备有启动灵动岛的个数限制
4.除非App或用户结束LA，否则最多可以活跃8个小时。 超过8小时，系统自动结束。当LA结束时候，系统会立即将其从灵动岛中移除。
但是，LA会保留在锁定屏幕上，直到用户将其删除或在系统将其删除之前再保留最多四个小时.因此，实时活动会在锁定屏幕上保留最多 12 小时。

App只能在前台启动LA。 在前后台都可以更新 或 中止LA。

和 Widget（小组件）不同的是，Live Activity 并没有一个 Timeline Provider 来提供定期更新机制，它只能依赖于 App 主动更新，或者依赖 Push 通知来更新。
如果要使用 App 来主动更新 Live Activity，这要求 App 具备任一一种后台运行模式，保持 App 持续在后台运行，从而根据运行状态来更新 Live Activity 上显示的内容，但是这对于大多数 App 来说可能并不适用，除了导航类、音频播放类 App，一般 App 很难可以申请到持续后台运行的权限。
那么就只剩下使用 Push Notification 来更新这一条路。

https://developer.apple.com/documentation/activitykit

Human Interface Guidelines > Live Activities.
https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/components/system-experiences/live-activities

Best practices:
Offer a Live Activity for tasks and live events that have a defined beginning and end. People use Live Activities to track events with frequently updating data or to monitor the status of ongoing tasks. Don’t offer a Live Activity for a task that exceeds eight hours, and always end a Live Activity immediately after the task completes or the event ends.

Present only the most essential content. People appreciate getting a summary and key bits of information about an ongoing task or event; they don’t expect to receive a lot of details or to perform actions in a Live Activity. Let people tap your Live Activity to access additional details and functionality within your app.

Update a Live Activity only when new content is available, alerting people only if it’s essential to get their attention. It can be disruptive to alert people to a Live Activity update, and alerting them too often — or alerting them to updates that aren’t crucial — can annoy people and encourage them to stop using your Live Activities. Note that the system alerts people to a Live Activity update in different ways, depending on the device and whether it supports the Dynamic Island.

Avoid displaying sensitive information in a Live Activity. A Live Activity is visually prominent and could be viewed by casual observers. If the information you need to provide refers to sensitive items, display an innocuous summary and let people tap the Live Activity to get more information in your app.

Avoid using a Live Activity to display ads or promotions. Live Activities help people stay informed about ongoing events and tasks, so it’s important to display only information that’s related to those events and tasks.

Give people control over beginning and ending Live Activities. For example, to help people end a Live Activity before the task or event ends, provide buttons to stop or cancel a Live Activity in the linked view in your app. Although it’s also a good idea to provide a button people can use to start a Live Activity from within your app, there are some situations in which people are likely to expect a Live Activity to start automatically. For example, if people use your app to start a task or event — such as ordering food for delivery or making a rideshare request — it makes sense to automatically initiate a Live Activity as soon as a person places an order or makes a request. In Settings, people can turn off Live Activities for your app, so it’s important to avoid surprising people by starting a Live Activity they don’t expect.

Make sure tapping your Live Activity opens your app at the right location. When people tap a Live Activity to open your app, take them directly to details and actions related to it — don’t require them to navigate to the relevant screen. For developer guidance on SwiftUI views that can deep link to specific screens in your app, see Link and widgetURL(_:).

Consider removing your Live Activity from the Lock Screen after it ends. In the Dynamic Island, the system immediately removes a Live Activity when it ends. By default, the system shows a Live Activity on the Lock Screen for up to four hours after it ends to give people time to view its final content update. If the outcome of your Live Activity is only relevant for a shorter time, tell the system to dismiss it at a specific time within the four-hour window or immediately after it ends. For example, a rideshare app might choose to display a summary of the ride in the Live Activity on the Lock Screen for 15 minutes after the ride ends so people can view the final fare.


Designing useful Live Activities:
Ensure unified information and design of the compact presentations in the Dynamic Island. The TrueDepth camera separates the compact leading and compact trailing presentations of your Live Activity, but the contents of both should read as a single piece of information, and tapping either presentation should take people to the same screen in your app. Consider using color to help reinforce the relationship of content like text and icons in the two compact presentations.

Create consistent layouts between compact and expanded presentations. The expanded presentation is an enlarged version of the compact presentation. Ensure that information and layouts expand predictably when the Live Activity transitions from compact to expanded presentation.

Consider using a consistent design in both Lock Screen and expanded presentations. When you use a consistent design approach in both presentations, you help people become familiar with your content and learn how to track an event’s or task’s progress in different locations.

Adapt to different screen sizes and Live Activity presentations. Live Activities scale to adapt to the screen sizes of different devices. Ensure your Live Activity looks great on every device by supplying content at appropriate sizes. As you create layouts and assets for various devices and scale factors, use the values listed in Specifications for guidance.

Consider carefully before using a custom background color and opacity on the Lock Screen. If you set a background color or image for Live Activities that appear on the Lock Screen, test colors to be sure they offer enough contrast — especially tint colors on Always-On display with reduced luminance. Note that you can’t choose a custom background color for Live Activity presentations that appear in the Dynamic Island. However, you can apply a custom tint color for text, symbols, and a border that surrounds the Dynamic Island. For developer guidance, see Displaying live data with Live Activities.

Coordinate the corner radius of your content with the corner radius of the Live Activity. Margins between content items and the Live Activity edge need to be consistent. To ensure that your content looks good within a Live Activity’s rounded corners, use a SwiftUI container to apply the correct corner radius. For developer guidance, see ContainerRelativeShape.

In general, use standard margins to ensure your content is legible. For the expanded and Lock Screen presentations, the standard margin width is 20 points. In some cases — such as for graphics and buttons — you might need to use tighter margins to avoid crowding edges or creating a cluttered appearance. For developer guidance, see padding(_:_:).

Choose colors that work well on a personalized Lock Screen. People customize their Lock Screen with wallpaper, custom tint colors, and widgets. To make your Live Activity fit a custom Lock Screen aesthetic while remaining legible, apply custom tint colors and opacity sparingly.

Support Dark Mode and Always-On display. A Live Activity adapts its colors to look great in both the light and dark appearances and on Always-On display with reduced luminance. For guidance, see Dark Mode and Always On; for developer guidance, see About asset catalogs.

Use animations sparingly, and only to bring attention to content updates. Live Activities use a subset of system animations, but the system doesn’t perform animations on Always-On display with reduced luminance. To learn which animations are available, see Animate content updates.