// Migrating to Swift 6
https://www.swift.org/migration/documentation/migrationguide/


#####
Swift’s concurrency system, introduced in Swift 5.5, makes asynchronous and parallel code easier to write and understand. 
With the Swift 6 language mode, the compiler can now guarantee that concurrent programs are free of data races. 
When enabled, compiler safety checks that were previously optional become required.

Adopting the Swift 6 language mode is entirely under your control on a per-target basis. 
Targets that build with previous modes, as well as code in other languages exposed to Swift, can all interoperate with modules that have been migrated to the Swift 6 language mode.
#####


Important
The Swift 6 language mode is opt-in. Existing projects will not switch to this mode without configuration changes.
There is a distinction between the compiler version and language mode. 
The Swift 6 compiler supports four distinct language modes: “6”, “5”, “4.2”, and “4”.



this guide provides concepts and practical help to ease the migration.
You will find articles and code examples here that:

Explain the concepts used by Swift’s data-race safety model.
Outline a possible way to get started with migration.
Show how to enable complete concurrency checking for Swift 5 projects.
Demonstrate how to enable the Swift 6 language mode.
Present strategies to resolve common problems.
Provide techniques for incremental adoption.

上面的6点对应下面的6点

Data Race Safety
Learn about the fundamental concepts Swift uses to enable data-race-free concurrent code.

Migration Strategy
Get started migrating your project to the Swift 6 language mode.

Enabling Complete Concurrency Checking
Incrementally address data-race safety issues by enabling diagnostics as warnings in your project.

Enabling The Swift 6 Language Mode
Guarantee your code is free of data races by enabling the Swift 6 language mode.

Common Compiler Errors
Identify, understand, and address common problems you can encounter while working with Swift concurrency.

Incremental Adoption
Learn how you can introduce Swift concurrency features into your project incrementally.